Added link to where to find the rust toolchain version in the readme (#24)
hermitcore/rusty-demo: README.md

    hermit-sys = "<version>"
    ```

> *   Use the exact Rust version [required by `hermit-sys`](https://github.com/hermitcore/rusty-hermit/blob/master/rust-toolchain.toml) in `rust-toolchain.toml` and make the `rust-src` component available:

Reviewer: > @mkroening Is this actually the best location to find the required toolchain version?

Well, yes. Though, we should link to this repository's `rust-toolchain.toml` instead (rusty-hermit's git contains unreleased updates).

I think, this should work:

```suggestion
*   Use the [exact Rust version] required by `hermit-sys` in `rust-toolchain.toml` and make the `rust-src` component available:

[exact Rust version]: rust-toolchain.toml#L2
```
